3. Chuck Norris dosn't wear bullet proof vest, bullet proof vest wear Chuck Norris vest..          
1. Notice: Neither you, your wife nor your ex-wife can sue Chuck Norris for the cost associated with hemorrhoid reduction surgery following anal sex with him..          
20. Chuck Norris can head butt a dumpster. And win..          
4. If Chuck Norris were a calendar, every month would be named Chucktober, and every day he'd kick your ass..          
16. The truth doesn't hurt Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris hurts the truth..          
10. Chuck Norris can pull off a 97-hit combo in under eight seconds when someone taps him on the shoulder..          
0. Chuck Norris use to eat clowns but they taste funny..          
21. if Chuck Norris was a Spartan in the movie 300, the movie would be called 1..          
17. Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV..          
7. Cavemen didn't invent fire; Chuck Norris merely snapped his fingers and gave it to them.          
6. Chuck Norris doesn't use a phone to communicate his messages to a distant person, he just shouts it over..          
24. When he was a kid, Chuck Norris' bedroom walls were filled with photos of Chuck Norris..          
13. Chuck Norris has already been to mars thats why there are no signs of life there.          
2. Chuck Norris' treehouse has a basement..          
30. Chuck Norris can make a happy meal cry.          
14. Chuck Norris has a full-size tattoo of his face...on his face..          
27. gravity is not curvedness of scace and time.its just a Chuck Norris chasing texas badass dudes.          
15. Chuck Norris can kill people with a single thought. Too bad he overwhelms them with MILLIONS..          
25. Chuck Norris drinks food..          
18. Human cloning is outlawed because of Chuck Norris, because then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe..          
32. Chuck Norris' favorite handgun is an M1A1 Abrams..          
12. Fanboys such as Genwunners are made when Chuck Norris is hungry for the exact part of the brain that accepts opinions..          
31. When Chuck Norris gets stabbed with a knife the knife starts to bleed.          
9. Chuck Norris once stumbled upon a website with random facts about himself. Although he was flattered, he sent an email to each person who submitted an untrue fact. Upon opening the email, a leather cowboy boot came through each computer screen and roundhouse kicked everyone within a 30 meter radius..          
29. Chuck Norris once fought the toughest man in the world, promptly after the match the man enrolled in clown school and ended up working for a fast food chain..          
28. When Chuck Norris runs with scissors, other people get hurt..          
33. Android built an app for Chuck Norris before he could shut it down. I bet you'll like & appreciate this app :) http://nothingmuch.in/ChuckNorrisJokes.apk.          
23. Chuck Norris dosent need a cell phone if he talks you better listen..          
22. Chuck Norris heard that nothing can kill him, so he tracked down nothing and killed it..          
34. Chuck Norris bent Victoria Beckam..          
26. Chuck Norris can overflow your stack just by looking at it..          
19. Chuck Norris once pissed into a petrol truck....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime..          
5. IF Chuck Norris EVENTUALLY dies, he will get ALL the virgins in the world..          
8. Q: Which is heavier, a ton of bricks or a ton of feathers? A: Chuck Norris..          
11. Chuck Norris can climb Mount Everest with his eyes closed and his arms tied behind his back. He does that every morning to worm-up..          
